[WIP] Nodejs Bot Guide (#1998)
discordeno/discordeno: site/docs/nodejs/getting-started.md

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Getting Started

If you are reading this, you probably want to start using Discordeno or switch from popular libraries like [Discord.js](https://discord.js.org/).

When you never coded a Discord Bot before, you can start with using Deno instead of Node.js, since it has all functionalities. Although on some cases, Deno does not fit in your use case, because of missing packages or a too large code base to migrate to a slighltly different language.

> This Guide will help you making your first Discord Bot or even migrating your Bot from a other Library.

Reviewer: Please mark this as resolved

## Disclaimer:

> Some Features are not documented yet. If you want to know more about them, kindly take a look in the github repo or ask for help in the Discord Server.

Reviewer: Please mark this as resolved

> Some Features are not documented yet. If you want to know more about them, kindly take a look in the github repo or ask for help in the Discord Server.

Reviewer: Please mark this as resolved

## Why should I switch?

> There is a core difference between other libraries. Discordeno was built with the purpose of being scalable, flexible and easy to use.

Reviewer: Please mark this as resolved

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Getting Started

If you are reading this, you probably want to start using Discordeno or switch from popular libraries like Discord.js.

If this is going to be your first time making a bot, you should start with using Deno instead of Node.js. Although on
some cases, Deno does not fit in your use case, because of missing packages or a too large code base to migrate to a
slighltly different language.

> This guide will help you making your first Discord Bot or even migrating your Bot from a other Library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will help you making your first Discord bot or even migrating your bot from another Library.
```

## Disclaimer:

Some features are not documented yet. If you want to know more about them, kindly ask for help in the Discord server.

## Why should I switch?

Discordeno was built with the purpose of being scalable, flexible and easy to use.

Libraries such as `Discord.js`, `Eris` etc. often have a excessive caching behaviour, which can just be slightly
modified without breaking the whole library. There is a lack of customization and a lot of nested classes, which makes
it nearly impossible to edit the code without having unwished side effects. Moreover scability is just possible on a
limited extent.

Discordeno has been kept plain and simple, which opens up a lot of opportunities for customization such as
`custom-caching (custom-property-caching)`, `Standalone Rest, Gateway, Cache` and more. Check the detailed advantages
[here](https://github.com/discordeno/discordeno).

> This guide will also help you making your Code more scalable and easier to maintain with bringing you closer to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will also help you making your code more scalable and easier to maintain with bringing you closer to the Discord API.
```

Discord API.

# Before you start

> Before you start digging in this guide, you should have a solid understanding of `javascript`, when you are not familiar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start digging in this guide, you should have a solid understanding of how to use `javascript`. If you are not familiar
```

with it, then you should take a look at some popular resources.

- https://www.w3schools.com/js/DEFAULT.asp
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript

> A basic understanding is of great importance in order to solve problem skillfully...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A basic understanding is of great importance in order to solve problems skillfully...
```
